docs(DEVX-7090): add bun support and Node.js version updates (#10088)
pantheon-systems/documentation: src/source/releasenotes/2026-06-22-nextjs-bun-node26.md

---
title: Bun package manager and Node.js 26 support for Next.js sites
published_date: "2026-06-22"
categories: [nextjs, new-feature]
---

> Pantheon now supports [Bun](https://bun.sh) as a package manager for Next.js sites, alongside npm, yarn, and pnpm. Pantheon also adds support for Node.js 26 (LTS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pantheon now supports [Bun](https://bun.sh) as a package manager for Next.js sites, alongside npm, yarn, and pnpm. We've also added support for Node.js 26 (LTS).
```
